Metadata-Version: 1.1
Name: bibulous
Version: 2.0
Summary: BibTeX replacement and enhancement
Home-page: https://github.com/nzhagen/bibulous
Author: Nathan Hagen
Author-email: and.the.light.shattered@gmail.com
License: MIT
Download-URL: https://github.com/nzhagen/bibulous/blob/master/bibulous.py
Description: A drop-in replacement for BibTeX based on string templates.
        -----------------------------------------------------------
        
        Bibulous provides a flexible way of accomplishing the same tasks as BibTeX, and going
        beyond it in capability. Some of its advantages include:
        
          - An integrated BibTeX database file (.bib file) parser.
          - Fully internationalized: Bibulous can use bibliography databases and bibliography style
            files written in any language.
          - Simple and powerful customization: style templates are an ideal way of visualizing and
            manipulating bibliography styles. There is no need to learn BibTeX's arcane stack-based
            language in order to build or customize a bibliography style.
          - Multilingual capability: templates are largely language agnostic, so that multilingual
            bibliographies can be achieved almost effortlessly.
          - Users can build glossaries, lists of symbols, and lists of acronyms using the same
            infrastructure as used for bibliographies.
          - Sorting of citations is fully localized and has no difficulty in dealing with strings
            that contain Unicode, LaTeX-markup characters for non-English languages, or even
            mathematics markup.
        
        This version requires Python 3.6 or later.
        
Keywords: bibtex,bibliography,parser,tex,latex
Platform: UNKNOWN
Classifier: Programming Language :: Python :: 3.6
Classifier: Development Status :: 4 - Beta
Classifier: License :: OSI Approved :: MIT License
Classifier: Operating System :: OS Independent
Classifier: Topic :: Text Processing :: Markup :: LaTeX
Classifier: Topic :: Text Processing
